OK, now we have connected to a workstation machine.
Let's go to our project directly.
Let's go to Dr. directly where we will build the images.
So right now, we the images.
These are the images that we have for this service, for a single page application services web, our
database.
So what we are going to do is we are going to see how we're going to be images for and Gen-X.
So we will go to L.B. Webb first or let's go to services for that's slightly simpler than that.
So here we have two things.
We have this darker fight.
So let's first look at this Docker file.
Send this Docker file.
We are downloading and the next image and then some tools.
OK.
So then the useful thing that is happening over here is that we are copying an engine ex-con file from
our local directly to this and your next image.
This will provide all the engineers related configuration.
Then we're copying a Docker entry point or assets to this image.
There's no guarantee point their assets will be executed by the image.
Once we are running it.
So we will just see what we are doing in this Docker and deep datasets.
So if you go going to image directly.
There we have this engine start going.
Let's just take a look at that first.
So this and index dot com right now has all the configuration that we need from our India next load
balancer for our services.
There is one thing, however, which is not configured properly and that is this particular property.
This particular property should be something like server and the actual horse.
So let's say we are calling gateway service, and if this is the hostname, then it should look like
something like this.
And then we can have several new lanes containing this kind of information, so we can repeat this for
multiple instances.
But we have four guest host and port information over here so that by running a script, we can actually
replace them by the actual configuration.
And I'll show you where we are doing are.
We are going to provide this host import information that will be there in our Docker environment variable.
So the script next that we are going to see this Docker entry point picks up this horse to import information
from that environment variable and it actually substitute that information over here.
So this is the script Docker endpoint.
So if no environment variable is mentioned, it will port global host and portrayed zero zero over here.
But if those environment variable server hosts is available, then it will extract servers, host information
from it, and then it will substitute that information and do this in the next Durcan file.
So that is all there is.
A script does that there isn't anything much happening over here other than substituting this in India
next start on file, and then this is basically outputting that on file for as a matter of debugging.
And this is pretty much this script is doing.
So this makes configuration easier.
Otherwise, every time we have the lets it change the name of our downstream service or we increase
the number of instances we have to again and again update this engine ex-con file.
While what we can do right now is that we can go to Docker file, provide an environment variable for
configuration and accordingly, then and your next container is launched, it will adjust to this new
configuration.
So we will see this where this configuration is done.
But this is a bit of automation for convenience.
You can actually hardcoded this instance information over here.
So let's say you can say, get this this one and bought eight zero eight zero, then added new lines
over here to service two imported 080.
So like that you're going to have several lines.
So 10 lines if you are 10, this service instances.
So that's how it works.
We have just added some automation on this.
OK, so that's the those other things that go into the image and we will soon build the image.
But before we build the image, let's also look at what do we do for load?
Balancer them.
So load balancing web is pretty much the same.
The Docker file is.
Quite simply, we are copying and next hour confused as.
We are also copying docket entry point orders, which does pretty much the same thing.
But there is one more thing that we are copying over here is that we are copying the WebWise static
content over here because the Indian X is going to host this static content for dynamic content.
It will go to Python replication, but static content will be listed on Engine X.
So we are copying that and the next static content to the engine executes.
The rest of the image is pretty much similar to services load balance at image.
Now let's go into image directly.
What do we have over here?
We have this Docker entry point.
So let's just look at that.
Docker entry point up to this point is exactly the same as the Docker entry point for services.
Load Balancer services.
Then the additional thing that is over here is in case, as I say, reconfiguration is true, then it
generates a certificate and it puts that into engine configuration directly.
So we are not using a system configuration over here.
So this portion will not be executed.
So right now, we are not going to discuss that.
So the only thing that descriptor is going to do right now is that it is going to substitute began server
information in this engine start going, OK, so the other thing that we need over here in this directory
is.
Web was static content for that.
What we will do is and we have done this before also to get all the build artifacts into this directory.
We will go to the brain directly of this dhokla and there we will execute this command, pull our defects
towards its.
So this should pull all the required funds into this Dulquer staging area.
So now let's go to L.B. Web and image directly here we should have.
This BYU eight or Tarter Desert, this has this static content.
So when we build the image now, this will go along with the engine image.
OK, so this is how we are going to build the image.
This is what is there in the image.
Of course, we are going to build it now.
So let's start that process.
So what we are going to do is let's go to Dr. Demo's directly.
And the current demonstration is dead in lower balances directly, so you will go there.
So here, if you do a DC this year, believe.
Things that we need, so that's index it will this it will be.
So we will wait for it.
If it takes long time, then I'll pause it, but looks like it will get done.
OK.
So I don't need to positively deal.
This is done, and so the images are very so if I look at Docker images now.
So we do have A.W. LV Services this load balancer for services and it'll be web.
This is not good image for load balancing for the application.
So we have both the images with us now.
We are ready to run this system.
But before I run this system, let me check if any Docker processes are running.
So there are no Docker processes running, so we are good to go.
Otherwise, we'll have to kill those Docker processes and clean them.
Otherwise it will create a conflict.
So now let's start our system.
So if this goes through fine and it looks like it has gone through fine now, this is going to take
some time.
So let's utilise that time for looking at what's happening on load balancer instances that we have launched.
So let's look at Docker, or you can use composite logs minus F and this is LV.
So this is this is a load balancing and another one, it'll be Webbs.
Let's first look at LV services.
So now, like I said that this will output the final configuration file, that's CryptoLocker entry
point or does it?
So it has done this substitution for Gateway Service one and get with Service two, and that will appear
as upstream services over here to service one eight zero eight zero.
Like that?
How we discuss we have two instances.
One thing which I haven't told you is when I have done this configuration.
So while this whole thing is coming up, I'll show you the configuration.
Let's also look at where the lock failed so far.
Load balancer for our web application.
So this is also pretty much the same here.
So what is there one in there, two board members at eight thousand?
So this is the configuration we need.
So this is perfect.
There's no problem over here.
The other processes are still running.
So let's say if I look at gateway service now, this time Gateway Service is Gateway Service one and
I'll show you what.
Because there are two instances.
So they're still coming up.
Now there is another one.
It was obvious to.
So this is also coming up.
So let me tell you what's happening in the background, so there are a few changes that we have done
to the Docker file over here.
So there's Docker compose file that we have.
Let's take a look at that.
What are the changes here?
One changes, of course, that we have this load balancer for them, there is nothing special over here.
This pretty much the same stuff that we have done elsewhere.
The only thing special that we have done over here is that as part of environment variables, we have
provided this property.
So our hosts, they have one and they have to.
And this is the environment variable property.
This plus this so port that our image has used.
That image of this, Nordlund said, has used to configure engine Gen-X darken.
So darker and reborn dot assets will actually look at this environment variable.
It will extract these two host out of that in this sport, and it will accordingly configure and GeneXpert
gone fine.
So this is our load balancer for web application is configured.
And this is how did not get image for a load, balancer services is configured here.
We have done exactly the same thing.
The port number is different and the other difference is that the hosts are obviously different because
this particular load balancer is going to connect to gateway service.
So let me just show you that.
So here this L.B. web load balances back and is basically this web application, web one and Web two.
And for this load balance of all services, the backend is gateway service one and get physical is to.
So I think this this figure is more appropriate, so he had the gator's of his one individual always
to, so I think these are not updated.
That's fine.
We know this that we have two instances of web now we have learned where to engage vis a vis one and
service two.
So that is the thing that we have configured over here.
So we see this that next for them now, we actually have two containers that we have set.
So instead of just one web now we have one the one and is running on in itself.
And the name of this container in hostname is that one.
Then we have this web two container.
This is also a web application instance, just another instance running on in and its name is web,
too.
So there are two instances of our web application.
So.
So these two instances now we will look at the gateway service instances.
So for Gateway service, what we have done is instead of just gateway hyphen service, we have Gateway
Hyphen Service five one one.
So that is one gateway service container over here and other gateway service containers over here because
we are using Eureka registry over here.
So we have provided this information to.
You registry that the host name for this particular container is Gateway Service one.
Actually, there is some issue with Yuriko registry the way tries to find who's name.
The issue is where the Docker environment within Docker environment, it is not able to get the right
horse name because it is running on a dolphin container.
So the workaround over that is to provide the host name as an environment variable.
So this hostname will be provided to Eureka Registry related court, which does the registration to
the discovery service.
It will look at this environment variable and it will do the registration.
Similarly, forget is, do we have this?
We have used the same environmental variable that the other value of good vessel is to.
So like, there are two great vessels to administer this, we have kept one instance or tradition service.
We have kept one instance and four product service.
We have kept two instances, so we could have done multiple instances for every service.
It's a small machine, so we have selectively randomly.
We have chosen product service for two instances this one and then we have chosen inventory service
for two instances in when 30 service we have chosen because order service is going to call inventory
service and we want to see some load balancing that.
OK, so that way we have this configuration for product service.
We have product service one and product service to order service.
We only have one instance like we always had.
And for inventory service, we have two instances in which duty service one and in always do.
So that's the Docker configuration that we have addressed.
Everything is simple.
We can now look at the environment variables.
So if I look at this environment variable file.
This file, the only change that we have done over here is for Web application.
We have changed.
So this is almost as a services and deport as it did so earlier.
What was happening is that this probably nation was directly connecting to our gateway service.
But now we have to change that configuration or we have done is we have changed this configuration for
the obligation to connect to the load balancer services.
So instead of connecting to the gateway vessel, this node will connect to the load balancer.
So all these gateway services are now behind this load balancer so that that's what we have done.
So that change we have done in the dark in environment variables.
So we could have put this in web configuration itself in Docker compose store diamond or this is also
one place where we put all the common configuration, although it is not a common configuration for
this specific to web application, but it just ended up over here.
Now then, whether we can put them anywhere in just a matter of convenience and structure that we provide
to our code.
OK, so now what we can do is we can check if our application is up.
So let's just check.
So this will be up only.
So if it is not showing any exit, that means we are fine.
Next thing we have to check is if our applications are really up and that we can find out by looking
at the log files.
So let's let me give the command and some of its maintenance.
Let's first check the address service.
That's the most important service because if that's not up, nothing will work.
So get service one has come up.
Let's check Target with service to.
That has also come up.
So let's connect to our discovery service.
Just to see what all services are up now.
All that information is the discovery service as well.
It's seven six one, yet that's the.
OK, so here we look at our discovery service, it seems our admin services up authorization service
is up.
Both of them have one instances, but for gateway service we have two instances.
Similarly, for inventory service, we have two instances and four product service.
We have two instances one order service.
We have one instance.
So this is a good setup for us.
Now let's just see if our application is detecting that set up so that you will connect to our web application.
Now, when we are connecting to our application, this time we will not connect to this port eight thousand.
We will connect to this Port ID zero because this is where our load balancer for web application is
running.
So this time we will be connecting to a load balancer.
So I would give this 48 zero, actually 48 zero is the default ports if you want to skip this.
That is also possible.
So now we have connected to unload billions.
And so I just say, no, we let's try this again and again.
OK, so we have signed it.
Now, let's go to our Monitoring tab to know what different services are running.
That's just being our web application for us because now we have two instances of our web application.
So this response we got from web application host web too.
Now let me bring this again.
This time it is from.
They've.
So this way we can do this being to find out the different instances that are running for replication
and if it is being load balanced or not.
So right now, we can see this when we are sending requests to this load balancer each time we are getting
a response from our different web application instance.
That means there is load balancing happening for the better application.
Now we can do a similar check for other services.
So let's bring all our services.
Let's wait for the response, OK?
So for our transition service, we are getting a response from Autorizacion.
So this instance and this is the only instance, but for product service, we have got response from
product service one.
Right.
So now next time when we ping again, we should get it from a different instance.
So I've been there in.
And this time the response is from product service to the similarly it is happening for inventory service
and get research service so we can check that.
So I have been.
It is still one, let me just spring once again.
OK, it looks like this time it has been.
So this is in military service to engage with others do so.
Both instances are active and our law balances.
They are indeed providing us load balancing.
And for our plane load balancing, it will take advantage of this ribbon load balance that will take
advantage of the fact that the registration is actually aware of these multiple instances for inventory
service and product service.
Wherever about order service is calling in duty service notice two instances to choose from.
So this is how we can implement load balances into our system.
So now our system has got load balances, and what that means is we can have any number of instances
for all our services, including gateway service and also for our web application.
We have not put multiple instances for you record, because that's something you regard takes care of.
So we have to do cluster setup for you.
That's not something that is that we are concerned as part of our application development.
So that's part of your record.
So that's Eureka's responsibility.
We will need to go through that documentation to create a Eureka cluster setup.
But when we set the multiple instances, we can provide that information to our gateway service and
other services through a simple configuration that these are the different Yureka instances available.
But we are responsible for having multiple instances for the application that we are creating.
We are writing code for.
So for that, we have added load balancers for our application, for all our services.
So now our system is load balance.
Now we're ready to move forward.